# Privacy policy

Last updated: 24th November, 2022

## Introduction
Akiho Suzuki built the PracLog app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Akiho Suzuki at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Collection and use of information

To use the app, you need to register an account. To do this, you will need to provide your email address and choose a password. You may also register using a Google Account.

Your email address is only used for the purposes of the functionality of the app (e.g., authenticating users). You will only receive emails that are strictly necessary for the function of the app, such as to verify your email address or to reset your password.

In a case of an error in the app, I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. This data is necessary to identify and fix bugs and issues.

PracLog does not and will never sell any personal data to third party companies. Users are also able to delete their data at any time, by deleting their account.

## Third party disclosure

The app uses third-party services to provide services and to track performance of the app. Specifically, the app uses Firebase Authentication to register and manage users, Firebase Firestore to store data, and Firebase Crashlytics to monitor errors so that bugs and issues can be fixed. More information about privacy and security for these services can be found on the [Firebase website](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/).

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

All data transferred between your device and the server is encrypted using HTTPS, as can be seen [here](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/server-side-encryption). Your email address is stored separately to your practice data that you input into the app.

## Children's privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

## Changes to this policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-11-24

## Contact information
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at prac.log.app@gmail.com.

Parts of this privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
