# Privacy Policy

## Overview

PracLog is a free, open-source app. It is provided by Akiho Suzuki at no cost and is intended for use as is.

You are not required to create an account to use PracLog. All of the data are stored locally on your device.

PracLog does not and will never sell user data to third-party companies.

PracLog uses Firebase Crashlytics and Google Analytics to monitor usage and errors. This helps me detect and fix bugs in the app, and make improvements to the app.

## Introduction

Akiho Suzuki built the PracLog app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Akiho Suzuki at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

# Information Collection and Use

PracLog uses third-party services, Firebase Crashlytics and Google Analytics (for Firebase), to monitor usage and errors. These services may collect personally identifiable information, including:

- IP address
- Device information (e.g. model, operating system version)
- Configuration of the app (e.g. version)
- Approximate location
- Time and date of errors

This data is necessary for me to monitor general patterns of usage and errors among users, which allows me to ensure that the app is working as expected.

Links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by PracLog:

*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-11-21

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at prac.log.app@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)